Don't come here as long as you don't kill me
I can promise you anything
Shen Guiying
You think you're pretending to intercede with me
I will let you go
I couldn't kill you before
You are lucky
But you still dare to seek death?
But I've already provoked our relationship
She's not your daughter.
I'm his real mother.
So what?
Don't you forget.
He kicked you out of the Zhang family himself
Let you fall here again
Xiaojie was blinded by you
Shut up. I'm his mother
You are nothing
No matter how you die, you won't win
Just kill you
No one will ever find out
You are the biological sister of Zhang Meng
Bitch let go
Shen Guiying, you scared people to death